# Subject

This 5-session TD aims at developing a Kanban Board, mainly with the entities of Developers and Tasks.

Students will have to develop all layers of the application :
- domain layer with JPA Entities
- data layer with repositories
- service layer
- controller layer exposing a REST API
- front-end layer, displaying screens and accessing data via the REST API

During sessions 1 and 2, students will work on domain, data, and service layers.

During session 3 and 4, students will work on controller layer.

During session 5, students will work on front-end layer.

## Back-end stack

Back-end is structured around SpringBoot, and bootsrapped by Spring Initializr.

Domain layer will be implemented with JPA Entities.

Data layer will be implemented with JPA Repositories.

Service layer will be implemented with Spring Services.

Controller layer will be implemented with Spring Rest Controllers.

Unit tests will be implemented with JUnit and SpringBoot Test infrastructure.

Maven will be used as build tool for the back-end.

## Front-end stack

Front-end can be built : 

> using light JS frameworks like Umbrella js for DOM manipulation, and axios for REST requests

> using VueJs and Vue-CLI bootsrapper, and axios for REST requests
*Note that Vue-CLI needs nodeJs and npm installed on your system.*

# Input

Project will be launched without any input at session 1.

At session 3, a Maven project with functional service, data and domain layer will be provided, to provide appropriate layers for implementing controllers.

At session 4, a functional back-end will be provided, to provide appropriate layers for implementing front-end. 

# Output

The expected deliverable will be Git repo or a zip of your source code, with all your source files.

Send the URL of the Git repo or the zip by mail to your teacher : remy.girodon@gmail.com

Please send it at the end of session 2, then at the end of session 4, then at the end of session 5.

# Steps 

## Step 8
If you decide to use the VueJS stack, read following docs to understand the basics of VueJs framework :
- [VueJs Guide](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
- [Vue CLI Guide](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/)

Set up a new Vue Cli project.

If you decide to use Umbrella js stack, read following docs to understand the basics of Umbrella js library :
- [Umbrella js Documentation](https://umbrellajs.com/documentation)

In both case you will have to understand the basics of Axios library :
- [Axios Documentation](https://github.com/axios/axios)


## Step 9
If you decide to use the VueJS stack :
- Develop the Developers component.

It displays the list of developers, in a table or a list.
It loads the developers from the API, thanks to axios library.
It then stores the developers list in a component property. 

Replace the HelloWorld component by the Developers component in the App component.

If you decide to use Umbrella js stack :
- load via CDN axios and Umbrella js libs in your HTML page
- call your REST API for getting developers list via axios
- while handling the response, add `<li>` elements to a root `<ul>` element via umbrella DOM manipulation append function

## Step 10

You can continue by implementing : 
- the list of Tasks
- a form for creating a new Task
- buttons for moving Tasks left and right